README.md, before:

# project

[Project](https://sta210-fa20.netlify.app/project/) for STA 210, Fall 2020


**Update this README with the title and summary of your project.**


**Codebook**

**`ETo`** - The ETo variable measures the average amount of evapotranspiration 
present in the soil in each of the regions. This means that it is the amount of 
water transferred to the land by means of plants. ETo is measured in inches.

**`precip`** - The precip variable measures the monthly average amount of 
precpitation found in the each station's region in the days prior to the 
recording. Precipitation is measured in inches.

**`solrad`** - The solrad variable measures the average amount of solar 
radiation found in the each station's region in the prior days. Solar radiation
is measured in Langley/day, which can be understood as about half a Watt per 
square meter.

**`avgvappress`** - The avgvappress variable measures the average amount of
vapor pressure found in the each station's region in the days leading up to the 
recorded day. Average vapor pressure is measured in mBars.

**`avgsoiltemp`** -  The avgsoiltemp variable measures the average soil 
temperature found in the each station's region. Average soil temperature is 
measured in degrees Fahrenheit. 

**`windrun`** - The windrun variable measures the sum of wind speed over a month
long period. Windrun is measured in miles.

**`avgwindspeed`** - The avgwindspeed variable measures the average wind speed 
found in the each station's region. Average wind speed is measured in miles 
per hour (mph).

**`dewpoint`** - The dewpoint variable measures the average temperature of the 
dew on the grass in each station over a month long period. Dewpoint is measured
in degrees Fahrenheit. 

**`avgrelhum`** - The avgrelhum variable measures the average relative humidity 
found in the each station's region. Average relative humidity is represented as
a percentage (%).

**`avgairtemp`** - The avgairtemp variable measures the monthly average 
of the air temperature found in the each station's region. Average air 
temperature is measured in degrees Fahrenheit.

Commit message:

title and summary in README

README.md, after:

# project

[Project](https://sta210-fa20.netlify.app/project/) for STA 210, Fall 2020


**Forecasting Forest Fires**

Climate change is one of the most important issues facing the world as a real
threat to the sustainability of human society. One of the consequences of
climate change which we are already experiencing today is an increase in forest
fires. In this project, we investigated data on environmental conditions in
regions throughout California, a state with a particularly high number of forest
fires. We performed a logistic regression analysis to determine which 
environmental variables are the greatest predictors of forest fires. Based on 
our final model, the most impactful factors are ETo, solar radiation, soil 
temperature, wind run, air tempertaure, and windspeed.

**Codebook**

**`ETo`** - The ETo variable measures the average amount of evapotranspiration 
present in the soil in each of the regions. This means that it is the amount of 
water transferred to the land by means of plants. ETo is measured in inches.

**`precip`** - The precip variable measures the monthly average amount of 
precpitation found in the each station's region in the days prior to the 
recording. Precipitation is measured in inches.

**`solrad`** - The solrad variable measures the average amount of solar 
radiation found in the each station's region in the prior days. Solar radiation
is measured in Langley/day, which can be understood as about half a Watt per 
square meter.

**`avgvappress`** - The avgvappress variable measures the average amount of
vapor pressure found in the each station's region in the days leading up to the 
recorded day. Average vapor pressure is measured in mBars.

**`avgsoiltemp`** -  The avgsoiltemp variable measures the average soil 
temperature found in the each station's region. Average soil temperature is 
measured in degrees Fahrenheit. 

**`windrun`** - The windrun variable measures the sum of wind speed over a month
long period. Windrun is measured in miles.

**`avgwindspeed`** - The avgwindspeed variable measures the average wind speed 
found in the each station's region. Average wind speed is measured in miles 
per hour (mph).

**`dewpoint`** - The dewpoint variable measures the average temperature of the 
dew on the grass in each station over a month long period. Dewpoint is measured
in degrees Fahrenheit. 

**`avgrelhum`** - The avgrelhum variable measures the average relative humidity 
found in the each station's region. Average relative humidity is represented as
a percentage (%).

**`avgairtemp`** - The avgairtemp variable measures the monthly average 
of the air temperature found in the each station's region. Average air 
temperature is measured in degrees Fahrenheit.
